Serena
avatar sister-in-law
Sit down, sit down
Yeah, you can still draw
sister-in-law
Aren't you here to watch me paint?
Isn't that your brother?
Said he wanted to make up with you
But he himself is thin-skinned
Let me invite you.
He said he wanted to talk to you about a win-win situation.
Sister-in-law doesn't understand this either
And that's a good thing.
No one wants to be doing things by themselves
Someone is picking up stumbles in the back
I guess so.
Sister-in-law, yes
Alright, let's go.
Your brother is waiting at home
Hey, what about your brother?
The one who killed that day shouldn't have a belly attack, right?
Xiaoli, please sit first
I'll pour you a drink first, thank you
Why don't you drink first?
I'll take a look.